add support for Not with multiple positional indices (#3302)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: NEWS.md

# DataFrames.jl v1.6 Release Notes

## New functionalities

> * `Not` allows for passing multiple postiional arguments that are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Not` allows passing multiple positional arguments that are
```
